---
title: Quiz 01
...

# Instructions

Answer each of the questions below. 

You may submit your responses in plain text, pdf (generated by LaTeX or any tool you'd like), or a handwritten image (as long as your handwriting and the image is legible) called quiz01.txt, quiz01.pdf, or quiz01.jpg respectively. If your answer will be making heavy use of mathematical notation, please compose your pdf in LaTeX. 

Each answer should be no more than a single paragraph, but in most cases just a few sentences will be sufficient.


# Questions

1. **Sets:** We discussed in class that we often use math to talk about computing, and we often implement math with computers, but there's often a disconnect between them. Name and discuss two ways that the behavior our implementation of mset from exercise0_3 is unlike that of sets from math.

1. **Strings:** In our "vague" overview of computing models, we said that when we compute, we implement a function mapping strings to strings. Name and describe one reason why we chose strings as the input/output type.

1. **Infinity:** Following on from the previous question, why will we consider only finite-length strings in our models of computing?

1. **Computability:** Suppose I told my middle-school aged cousin "Computers can't do everything" and she responds with "Why not?". Suggest an answer to her question using something you've learned in lecture thus far.

1. **Integrity:** The syllabus gives different rules regarding collaborations for different assignments. Please read the collaboration rules for the various kinds of tasks. We mention that, on exercises, we welcome and encourage collaboration with classmates and use of external materials to supplement your learning. We then give 3 qualifications in the bulletted list (independent write-ups, understand what you submit, cite each thing that wasn't your work). Why do we encourage collaboration? Why did we add each of the three qualifications? (Give one reason for each thing, so 4 reasons total). 
